Print deprecation warning for libGDSII and replace libGDSII with gdstk in tutorials (#3245)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/Acknowledgements.md

Authors
-------

> Meep originated as part of graduate research at [MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology) in the mid 2000s with initial contributions by [Steven G. Johnson](http://math.mit.edu/~stevenj/), [Ardavan Oskooi](http://ab-initio.mit.edu/~oskooi/), [David Roundy](http://physics.oregonstate.edu/~roundyd/), [Mihai Ibanescu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mihai-ibanescu-2b147825/), and [Peter Bermel](http://web.ics.purdue.edu/~pbermel/). The project has been under continuous development for nearly 20 years. Currently, the Meep project is maintained by an active developer community on [GitHub](https://github.com/NanoComp/meep). [Christopher Hogan](https://github.com/ChristopherHogan) and [M.T. Homer Reid](http://homerreid.dyndns.org/) lead the development of the [Python interface](Python_User_Interface.md), [mode-decomposition feature](Python_Tutorials/Mode_Decomposition.md), and [GDS import routines](Python_Tutorials/GDS_Import.md). M.T. Homer Reid and [Alec Hammond](https://github.com/smartalecH/) developed the [adjoint solver](Python_Tutorials/Adjoint_Solver.md). [Alex Cerjan](http://www.alexcerjan.com/) assisted with adding support for saturable absorption via [multilevel atomic gain media](Materials.md#saturable-gain-and-absorption). Alec Hammond developed the [visualization module](Python_User_Interface.md#data-visualization). [Yidong Chong](http://www1.spms.ntu.edu.sg/~ydchong/bio.html) and Alex Cerjan added support for [gyrotropic media](Materials.md#gyrotropic-media). [Andreas Hoenselaar](https://github.com/ahoenselaar) contributed to several performance enhancements. [Krishna Gadepalli](https://github.com/kkg4theweb) added support for checkpointing the simulation state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meep originated as part of graduate research at [MIT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massachusetts_Institute_of_Technology) in the mid 2000s with initial contributions by [Steven G. Johnson](http://math.mit.edu/~stevenj/), [Ardavan Oskooi](http://ab-initio.mit.edu/~oskooi/), [David Roundy](http://physics.oregonstate.edu/~roundyd/), [Mihai Ibanescu](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mihai-ibanescu-2b147825/), and [Peter Bermel](http://web.ics.purdue.edu/~pbermel/). The project has been under continuous development for nearly 25 years. Currently, the Meep project is maintained by an active developer community on [GitHub](https://github.com/NanoComp/meep), and has benefited from important contributions by many authors over the years. [Christopher Hogan](https://github.com/ChristopherHogan) and [M.T. Homer Reid](http://homerreid.dyndns.org/) led the development of the current [Python interface](Python_User_Interface.md), the [mode-decomposition feature](Python_Tutorials/Mode_Decomposition.md), and the initial [GDS import functionality](Python_Tutorials/GDS_Import.md). M.T. Homer Reid and [Alec Hammond](https://github.com/smartalecH/) developed the [adjoint solver](Python_Tutorials/Adjoint_Solver.md). [Alex Cerjan](http://www.alexcerjan.com/) assisted with adding support for saturable absorption via [multilevel atomic gain media](Materials.md#saturable-gain-and-absorption). Alec Hammond developed the [visualization module](Python_User_Interface.md#data-visualization). [Yidong Chong](http://www1.spms.ntu.edu.sg/~ydchong/bio.html) and Alex Cerjan added support for [gyrotropic media](Materials.md#gyrotropic-media). [Andreas Hoenselaar](https://github.com/ahoenselaar) contributed to several performance enhancements. [Krishna Gadepalli](https://github.com/kkg4theweb) added support for checkpointing the simulation state. [Andreas Hoenselaar](https://github.com/ahoenselaar) added DFT decimation and other performance improvements. [Mo Chen](https://github.com/mochen4) added adjoint gradients for cylindrical coordinates, LDOS, connectivity constraints, and near-to-far transformations. [Arjun Khurana](https://github.com/Arjun-Khurana) added Padé extrapolation. [Wenchao Ma](https://github.com/mawc2019) contributed several improvements to the adjoint solver. [Daniel Lloyd-Jones](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/people/daniel-lloyd-jones) implemented the BFAST algorithm for oblique incidence. [Luocheng Huang](https://github.com/luochenghuang) contributed 3d mesh import, improved OpenMP parallelism, and other improvements.  We are also grateful to many other contributors too numerous to list here.
```
